What do the different levels of bad omen
in ominous bottles even do? Well, they
give different levels of the bad omen
effect, which then convert to different
levels of the raid omen effect when you
enter a village, or durations of the
trial omen effect when you enter a trial
chambers. For raids, anything above
level one gives an extra wave to the
raid, and each higher level [music]
gives the raiders more enchanted weapons
for the reward when beating it of a
higher level of hero of the village,
which then discounts your villagers by
these amounts. For trial [music]
chambers, the higher level just converts
to more time with the trial omen effect
needed for opening ominous vaults. So
for most players, I'd just save the
higher level ones for when you want to
grind for a maze.